CALL FOR PAPERS (Extended Deadline)
TPDP 2017
Third Workshop on the Theory and Practice of Differential Privacy
October 30th 2017, Dallas, TX, USA
Affiliated with CCS 2017
http://tpdp.cse.buffalo.edu/2017/


Differential privacy is a promising approach to privacy-preserving data analysis.  
Differential privacy provides strong worst-case guarantees about the harm 
that a user could suffer from participating in a differentially private data analysis, 
but is also flexible enough to allow for a wide variety of data analyses to be 
performed with a high degree of utility.  Having already been the subject 
of a decade of intense scientific study, it has also now been deployed in 
products at government agencies such as the U.S.~Census Bureau and 
companies like Apple and Google.

Researchers in differential privacy span many distinct research communities, 
including algorithms, computer security, cryptography, databases, data mining, 
machine learning, statistics, programming languages, social sciences, and law.  
This workshop will bring researchers from these communities together to discuss 
recent developments in both the theory and practice of differential privacy.


##Invited Speakers##

Dan Kifer - Pennsylvania State University

(Others to be announced)


##Important Dates##

Submission --- August 11th, 2017 *Extended* (Anywhere on Earth)
Notification --- September 4th, 2017
Workshop --- October 30, 2017


##Submissions##

The goal of TPDP is to stimulate the discussion on the
relevance of differentially private data analyses in practice. For
this reason, we seek contributions from different research areas of
computer science and statistics.  Authors are invited to submit a short 
abstract (2-4 pages maximum) of their work.  
Submissions will undergo a lightweight review process and will be
judged on originality, relevance, interest and clarity. Submission
should describe novel works or works that have already appeared
elsewhere but that can stimulate the discussion between different
communities at the workshop. Accepted abstracts will be presented at
the workshop either as a talk or a poster.


##Topics##

Specific topics of interest for the workshop include (but are not limited to):

 theory of differential privacy
 privacy preserving machine learning
 differential privacy and statistics
 differential privacy and security
 differential privacy and data analysis
 trade-offs between privacy protection and analytic utility
 differential privacy and surveys
 programming languages for differential privacy
 relaxations of the differential privacy definition
 differential privacy vs other privacy notions and methods
 experimental studies using differential privacy
 differential privacy implementations
 differential privacy and policy making
 applications of differential privacy


##Organizing and Program Committee##

Rachel Cummings - Caltech and Georgia Tech
Marco Gaboardi - University of Buffalo, SUNY
Justin Hsu - University of Pennsylvaia
Aleksandra Korolova - University of Southern California
Ashwin Machanavajjhala - Duke University
Gerome Miklau - UMass Amherst
Abhradeep Guha Thakurta - UC Santa Cruz
Jonathan Ullman (chair) - Northeastern University
