CALL FOR PAPERS
TPDP 2016
Second workshop on the Theory and Practice of Differential Privacy
23th June 2016, New York, USA
Affiliated to ICML'16
http://tpdp16.cse.buffalo.edu

Differential privacy is a promising approach to the privacy-preserving
release of data: it offers a strong guaranteed bound on the increase
in harm that a user incurs as a result of participating in a
differentially private data analysis. 

Researchers in differential privacy come from several area of computer
science as machine learning, algorithms, programming languages, 
security, databases, as well as from several areas of statistics and data
analysis. The workshop is intended to be an occasion for researchers
from these different research areas to discuss the recent developments
in the theory and practice of differential privacy.

##Invited Speakers##

Kamalika Chaudhuri - University of California, San Diego,

Kobbi Nissim - Ben-Gurion University & Harvard University

Vitaly Shmatikov - Cornell Tech

Yu-Xiang Wang - Carnegie Mellon University


##Submissions##

The overall goal of TPDP is to stimulate the discussion on the
relevance of differentially private data analyses in practice. For
this reason, we seek contributions from different research areas of
computer science and statistics.

Authors are invited to submit a short abstract (2-4 pages maximum) of
their work by May 1, 2016. Abstracts must be written in English
and be submitted as a single PDF file at the EasyChair page for TPDP:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=tpdp2016

Submissions will undergo a lightweight review process and will be
judged on originality, relevance, interest and clarity. Submission
should describe novel works or works that have already appeared
elsewhere but that can stimulate the discussion between different
communities at the workshop. Accepted abstracts will be presented at
the workshop either in technical sessions or as posters.

The workshop will not have formal proceedings, and presentation at the
workshop is not intended to preclude later publication at another venue.

##Important Dates##

May 1, 2016 - Abstract Submission
May 10, 2016 - Notification
June 23, 2016 - Workshop


##Topics##

Specific topics of interest for the workshop include (but are not limited to):

theory of differential privacy,
privacy preserving machine learning,
differential privacy and statistics,
differential privacy and security,
differential privacy and data analysis,
trade-offs between privacy protection and analytic utility,
differential privacy and surveys,
programming languages for differential privacy,
relaxations of the differential privacy definition,
differential privacy vs other privacy notions and methods,
experimental studies using differential privacy,
differential privacy implementations,
differential privacy and policy making,
applications of differential privacy.

##Organizing and Program Committee##

Gilles Barthe - IMDEA Software
Christos Dimitrakakis - University of Lille
Marco Gaboardi - University at Buffalo, SUNY
Andreas Haeberlen - University of Pennsylvania
Aaron Roth - University of Pennsylvania
Aleksandra B. Slavkovic - Penn State University
